(This page has not yet been checked by a native speaker)

Page 12
 
Ogobad accept your idea only when you take a solemn oath, that it will be Your last fight. You go to your old master, asking him to organize a farewell show. 
- Yes. I think That I can bring something really special on this occasion – declares Aszakar. - The costs will be great, but they will pay off. People will trample each other to see this fight. You will face a behemoth! 
Aszakar buys monster from a beast trader. Ten hunters grabbed the beast, three of which died – and You will face it by Yourself, alone. The creature becomes prisoner in the dungeons of the arena. He decoursone sheep for dinner every day. You exercise even harder than usual. You need to be in shape for the big day. 
Finally, it is this great moment. You go out into the arena. On the other side is a four-legged behemoth, a horned great beast held on chains by four strong slaves. In the box of honor You see Your father-in-law, wife and son. Even at this distance, you can see the reluctance on Ogabad's face and the enthusiasm of the other two. 
- Greetings, ladies and lords! - You hear Aszakar's voice. - For many years, our sword master was delightingthe inhabitants of the great city of Bashar with his craftsmanship. Unfortunately, he has decided that it will end today. But don't be sad! Today you will be witnesses to hus greatest triumph! Triumph of the bravery, skill and agility against power of wild beast! Let the fight begins! 
The slaves let go of the chains and the behemoth charges at You. At the last moment, you step back, letting the beast run past you, while dragging the sword along its side. You barely scratched its armor and it made him more angry than wounded. 
The beast turns and charges again. And You jumps aside again. This time, the behemoth turns its head at the last moment and its horn moves over your side. You can say, that monster avenged Your blow, but with much more dangerous effect. He ripped your armor open and ravaged your skin. Blood is running, but fortunately the insides are intact. But the blood loss and pain will weaken You with each passing moment. To end the fight, you jump on the behemoth's neck. The beast jerks its head, but You grab its horn with Your hand and You hold on somehow. With Your other hand, You use the sword to thrust from above. You hit the monster in the eye. Monster starts to kick again, but you steadfastly poke the blade in its eye socket. Eventually the beast falls to the ground and freezes. You jump down onto the sand of the arena and raise sword over Your head in a gesture of triumph. Crowd is crazy. The scream of the delighted audience is louder than the previous roars of behemoth. Despite your wound, You bow gracefully. 
- So our champion once again... - You hear Aszakar. 
At the same moment, the not-dead behemoth opens its mouth, stretches out its head and bites off Your leg. You fall to the ground beside the beast, and Your blood mixes with the gore of the beast. The pain is excruciating and darkness covers Your eyes. You cling to life for a moment longer, and then death comes. You won't break Your oath. 
THE END