Page 29
 
Hradesz asks you about a few more craft skills - you go into denial and claim you know everything. Somehow it will work out, and the main thing is to make a good first impression. 
You arrive at your new master's farm. An old woman and a young boy, Hradesz's servants, find you there. The owner immediately assigns you tasks. Unfortunately, you do not handle them very well. You break the potter's wheel even worse than it was. 
Despite your intentions, you are making a bad impression on the master. It is apparent that your insincerity has caused him to dislike you. He is harsh towards you, even for an owner-slave relationship. When Hradesz encounters financial difficulties after some time, he decides to sell you. You are bought by a galley owner. 
And that's how you become a rower. It's a terrible fate. You have to move the oar to the beat of the drum for hours. Your hands almost give you skin sores, and the monotony almost makes you crazy. Soon, however, you begin to fall into a trance, during which your hands move by themselves, your mind sinks into emptiness. You hardly speak to your companions in misery, because when the overseer lets you go for a while, for example when a good wind blows the sails and you can give up the oars, everyone falls from fatigue and uses this moment to catch their breath. 
One day black clouds gather on the horizon and a strong wind starts to blow. The situation is not good, because you have moved away from land. The captain orders you to do everything to get to shore as soon as possible. The drummer is pounding like mad and the overseer is rushing you with his whip. But it is all for nothing. The storm catches up with you and begins to toss the ship around like a toy. The wave breaks your oar and the wind carries you further and further into unknown waters. At one point you hear a terrible crash - you must have hit a rock. The ship begins to take on water. Luckily for you, the shock has chipped off a piece of wood to which your chain is attached. People are screaming, calling on the gods, some are trying to pick the water. Another wave turns the ship upside down. You fall into the water, but manage to swim to the surface, though your chain is weighing you down. You grab a board and float to the surface. The waves carry you further and further away from the sinking ship. 
Finally, the sea throws you ashore on some island. A long moment passes before you pull yourself together and get up. There are some shipwrecks on the beach, but not a soul alive. You are the only one who swam here. The first thing you do is find a large stone and another, smaller one. By hitting your shackles, you free yourself from them. You hurt your hand in the process, but not too badly. You go scouting. 
It looks like the island you landed on is quite large. You find fruit trees and a fresh water spring in the forest. So the chances are that you will survive. You also find something else. In the middle of the land there is a building. It somewhat resembles the ziggurats of your native Sharleh, though it is made of blocks of some strange, shiny black material - neither stone nor metal. As you stand in the entrance, you sense something unusual. It is hard to define, something like the air is vibrating. You're not sure if you want to go in there. You don't know how to worship the deity to whom this temple is dedicated, so you fear incurring his wrath. And if it's not a temple but a tomb, it may be haunted by ghosts. Also, the builders may have installed some traps to keep the building from being looted.  
I won't tempt fate, I'm not going in there (page 61). 
Once the goat dies, I can find no better shelter than this building, I enter (page 46).