Page 35
 
And so you begin your apprenticeship with Kemosh. At first, you do mostly physical tasks. You continue to help him with embalming and you also do various household chores for which the reanimated ones do not have enough brains and dexterity. Sometimes you go out together in search of fresh bodies. You attack bandits and slave traders who prowl the desert, and their corpses join the ranks of Kemosh's servants. You also attack the caravans of the Kazraits. The necromancer hates the followers of the Unspeakable One, and you have your reasons for not taking pity on them either. 
In addition, you learn to read. Once you have mastered this craft, the necromancer lets you into his books. You learn about the various energies that move the body while you are alive - and that can move it after you die. After a year of studying theory, you begin to move into practice. The day comes when you stand before the body of a slave trader. You close your eyes, focus, and extend your arms. The energy penetrates you, and then transfers to the body, which begins to move again... according to your will. For a moment, you stare into the empty, lifeless eyes of your first undead. 
"Excellent!", Kemosz congratulate you, "You have taken an important step, my student". 
Under the guidance of a master, you master further arcana of the dark arts. You continue to go on war expeditions in search of fresh bodies. One day you organize an ambush on a caravan of Kazraits. On a signal given by Kemosz, twenty undead emerge from under the sand, surrounding the followers of the Unspeakable One. You and Kemosz, swords in hand, join the battle. 
One by one, your opponents fall to the sand, their blood staining it red. Soon they will join your army. 
But while three Kazraits remain on the battlefield, six more on camels fall out from behind a dune. They raise battle cries and fall upon you and your undead. One of them thrusts his spear into Kemosz's back. The warlock collapses onto the sand. 
The remaining reanimates struggle to defeat the Kazraits. They surround the riders and pull them from their saddles. Soon four walking corpses and a large number of corpses remain on the battlefield. And you and Kemosz. You lean over your master. He is still alive. 
"They finally got me," he says, spitting blood and continuing. "Avenge me. Avenge your city. Avenge..."
With that word on his lips he dies. You are left alone with corpses of both kinds. You use your powers to reanimate all the corpses, and then you return to the tower - from now on, your tower. You sit down behind a table. You feel the blank stares of the undead on you. You have to think about what to do next. Will you devote yourself to vengeance against the Kazraits? The blood of your master - and the blood of your countrymen, whom you have begun to forget somewhat - still cry out for vengeance. But you are not sure if you're ready to hijack an entire superpower? That's different from the occasional raid in search of fresh bodies. You could instead devote yourself to studying the nature of necromancy. Perhaps you could discover the secrets of ancient mages and how to extend your life indefinitely? 
I will create a great army of the dead and crush the Kazraites (page 67). 
I will engage in the search for eternal life (page 37). 