(This page has not yet been checked by a native speaker)

Page 40
 
- Yes. I think I will be able to bring something really special on this occasion - Aszakar declares. - The cost will be huge, but it will pay off. People will flock to see this fight. You will face a behemot! 
Aszakar buys a monster from the beast hunters. Ten hunters capture the beast, three of whom are killed, and you are to defeat it alone. The creature is imprisoned in the arena's basement. It devours one sheep every day for lunch. You practice even more fervently than usual. You need to be in shape for the big day. 
Finally, the moment comes. You step out into the arena. On the other side is a four-legged behemoth, a horned great beast held in chains by four strong slaves. 
- Welcome, ladies and masters! - you hear Ashakar's voice. - Behold, it has been fifteen years since the Slayer entered the bloody trail! His lust for murder is unparalleled! It is no longer enough for him to sow death and terror in the world of men! Today, other gladiators can breathe a sigh of relief, for the Slayer's fury has turned to a terrible beast, a monster from the very depths of the abyss, a behemoth! Let the battle begin! 
The slavers let go of their chains, and the behemot charges towards you. At the last moment, you step back, allowing the beast to run past you while slashing your sword along its side. You barely scratched the monster's armor, and did more to enrage it than injure it. 
The beast turns and charges again. And once again you leap aside. This time the behemot turns its head at the last moment and its horn runs over your side. You can tell, the monster has retaliated for your blow, but with much more effect. It ripped through your armor and tore at your skin. Blood is pouring, but thankfully your insides are intact. But the blood flow and pain will weaken you with each passing moment. 
To end the fight, you jump onto the behemot's neck. The beast jerks its head, but you catch the horn with your hand and somehow hold on. With your other hand, you use your sword to thrust from above. You hit the monster in the eye. The monster starts to squirm again, but you steadfastly plunge your blade into its eye socket. Finally, the beast falls to the ground and stands still. 
You step down onto the arena sand and raise your sword over your head in a gesture of triumph. The crowd goes wild. The screams of the delighted audience are louder than the behemot's earlier roars. 
- And so the Slayer once again... - you hear Aszakar. 
At the same moment, the not at all dead behemot opens its maw, pulls its head out, and bites off your leg. You fall to the ground beside it, and your blood mixes with the beast's sweat. The pain is excruciating, and darkness clouds your eyes. You still cling to life for a moment, and then death comes. 
THE END