Page 23
 
- You should know that there are worse things in the world than black magic," replies the stranger. - But I won't force you to do anything. I'd rather you survive, to spite the Kazraiths... so go ahead. - The necromancer throws you a jug of water. - And farewell. 
The warlock steers his camel to the west. The undeads follow him step by step. You wait until this macabre procession disappears on the horizon, and then you continue on your way. You march for the rest of the day, part of the night, and the next day. You run out of water from the necromancer. You can't see the city walls on the horizon. Either it's further away than you thought, or you've gone astray. 
You stand helpless in the midst of the sands. You don't know what to do next. Just then you spot caravan in the distance. A few camels, followed by a line of men on foot. You have no choice but to fall on their mercy. So you stand and wait. 
As the procession gets closer, you realize what kind of caravan it is. Most of the people walking are tied up and guarded by several armed guards. You have met the slave traders! You can't escape, though, because the only thing waiting for you in the desert is certain death. 
- Are you lost, poor guy? - asks a fat bearded man on a camel riding in the lead. - Don't worry. We saved you. You don't have to thank us, if you want to repay us, present yourself well at the market! Tie him up! 
The guards herd you into a column and tie your hands. You continue your journey as a slave. From time to time you get hit on the head with a stick, but at least you finally reach civilization. You reach the city of Baszar, where a slave market is taking place. Every now and then one of your companions comes across a wooden platform on which a trader extols his virtues. Every now and then one of your companions comes across a wooden platform on which a trader extols the virtues of his slaves, telling you that every second man is a titan of work and a master of his trade, and each woman is a harem mistress of the mage king, whom he has not yet managed to deflorate. 
Speaking of female slaves... At one point, the guard standing closest to you starts looking intently at one of the slaves, a young girl. He undresses her with his eyes, not paying attention to anything going on around her. There is a crowd in the marketplace that you can mingle with, maybe this is your chance to escape? 
Yes! I'm taking this opportunity (page 14). 
No, I'd just make my situation worse (page 55). 