(This page has not yet been checked by a native speaker)

Page 25
 
You start running towards the city gates. You sneak through the streets under the cover of darkness. Whenever the sounds of battle reach your ears, you pick your way so to avoid an encounter with the enemy. Along the way you come across corpses - Szarlehic soldiers and ordinary townsfolk - men, women and children. Sometimes you also come across the bodies of invaders. You don't recognize the people who invaded you, anyway. 
Finally, you reach the gate. It is wide open. It doesn't look forcibly balanced, the enemy must have entered the city by trickery and opened it. Maybe some traitor helped him? You try to sneak out, but it turns out that several enemy warriors are guarding the gate from the other side. 
- Infidel! - Shouts one of them, setting a spearhead towards you. - I will rip you apart for the glory of the Unspeakable! 
You take a few steps back, but enemies begin to surround you. Fortunately, at that moment five Szarlehic soldiers fall on them from behind a building. The soldiers take care of the fight and you can escape. You leave the city and run ahead through the desert surrounding the city. 
You slow down when you start to run out of energy. You have a moment to think. You decide to head north, where the nearest town allied with Szarleh is located. 
Dawn comes, and then the sun moves you higher and higher. The heat, fatigue and thirst begin to make themselves felt. You have nothing to drink. Somehow you manage to survive the midday heat, but eventually you need to rest. You sit down on the sand and involuntarily fall asleep. Someone's voice wakes you up. 
- Oh, you're up. Hello - you look around. In front of you is a camel, and on it is a man. His face is wrapped in a grey shawl, except for his eyes. There are about a dozen people standing around him. Something is wrong with them. Their posture is... Strange. Also, some of them have jaws dropping, one is missing an arm and another an eye. After a moment, you guess - they are undeads. And your interlocutor is a necromancer. 
- Don't be afraid - the sorcerer declares, as if he knows what you're thinking. - You are a refugee from Szarleh, aren't you? The city was attacked by Kazraites, and I have my own beef with them. I will not harm a man who has escaped their clutches. 
Kazraites... Well, yes, one of the enemies called upon the "Unspeakable One". Now you recall that this people worship a deity so terrible that even his followers are afraid to call him by name. They believe that the Unspeakable One has given them the entire earth, which for his glory they must purge of infidels. 
- If you want, you can come with me - says the necromancer. - I would like to hear about what happened in Sharleh. 
Okay. But before I start talking - my throat is dry. Do you have anything to drink (page 27)? 
I prefer to stay away from black magic (page 23).