(This page has not yet been checked by a native speaker)

Page 32
 
Aszakar is spreading the news. There will be a three-on-one battle against the Slayer. Anyone who stands against you will receive a great reward. 
- Even if one of them wins, I'll come out ahead through viewer fees - Aszakar declares. - Not that I wish that on you. 
Warriors come from all over the land. Everyone wants to try their hand at fighting the legendary Slayer. From among them, you will choose the three who make the greatest impression. The swordmaster, who uses two blades, which requires real craftsmanship and looks impressive. A bearded northern axe-man, reminiscent of a big, hairy bear. And a spearman, a former slave and arena veteran like yourself. 
The day of the show arrives. The stands are filled to the brim, despite the fact that Aszakar has raised the fee twice. The owner of the arena comes out in the middle and speaks. 
- Hello, ladies and masters! Today you will witness a special show for a special occasion! It's been fifteen years since the Slayer entertained you with his bloody artistry! Today he wants to give you a special show of his skills! He will frame not one, not two, but three victims at once! Or maybe it will be his rivals who will put him in the sand? We'll see! Either way, this will be a spectacle to tell your grandchildren about! Let the bloody dance begin! 
The axeman charges at you with a roar. You take a step to the side while simultaneously slashing at his stomach. The battle cry turns into a shriek of pain. By this time, the swordsman and the spearman have ambushed you from the sides. You run up to the former to avoid fighting both of them at the same time. The whirling blades keep you from getting close. But you don't have to. You press forward using your heavy, two-handed sword. The swordsman parries the first blows with remarkable skill, but the force of your strikes knocks him off balance. Soon you knock one sword out of his left hand. You turn around as the spearman aims a blow at your back. You push his spear aside. You make another turn and cut off the swordsman's head. Then you turn back to the spearman. The warrior tries to stab you with his spear, but you remove yourself to the side while catching his weapon below the spearhead. At the same time, you make an attack with your sword. The thrust is much weaker than if you had made it with both hands, but it is enough to pierce the spearman's leather armor and wound him. You release the spear from your hand, and before its owner can recover, you grasp the sword in both hands and deliver a powerful slash. The other head falls to the sand. 
At the same moment, a terrible pain rips through your right leg. You look down. It's an axe- man. His guts are spilling out of his stomach, but he is still alive. By some miracle, he has crawled over to you and delivered an axe blow. You bring your sword down one last time, decapitating a third head, and then you fall right next to your latest victim. Your leg is pretty much shredded... Veins, or arteries as the healers call them... Blood flowing... Darkness in your eyes... Crowd is howling... They'll never forget it.... 
THE END