(This page has not yet been checked by a native speaker)

Page 30
 
You are preparing to march towards the lands of the Kazraites. For this expedition, troops from several surrounding cities are gathering. You have never seen such a large army before. The raised spears form a veritable forest. The Kazraiths have made many people sick, but the time for judgment on them and their deity has finally come. 
An army of many thousands sets out. A few days pass before you reach the first Kazraic city. You storm it on the march. You are one of the first warriors who climb the ladder to the walls. You wreak havoc there, enabling more soldiers to climb to the top. 
After this victory, a pitched battle with the Kazraician army awaits you. You face the enemy on the plain. You command your hundred warriors. First you order your soldiers to raise their shields to shield themselves from the rain of arrows. Then you march out to meet the enemy. A clash ensues. At first you maintain the formation and the wall of shields, but the battle gradually turns into a disorderly slaughter. You are in your element. You slash and carve, avenging the people of Sharleh who were murdered and sold into slavery. 
The battle is over and the field is littered with heaps of corpses over which vultures gather. You have suffered heavy losses, but you have slaughtered most of the Kazraic army. The road to the capital, Hier Kazrael, is open. 
The walls of this city are higher, you cannot conquer them with ladders. The sages spend several days constructing a huge wooden machine, which throws stone missiles. Day and night the stones fly towards Hier Kazreal, spreading destruction. After three days, the breach in the wall is sufficient for you to enter the city. First you knock out the soldiers defending the hole in the fortifications, and then you enter the streets. The looting begins. You lead your men toward a building rising on a hill - a temple. You go inside. You see the difference compared to the places of worship from your native Sharleh. The shrines there were filled with beautiful statues, bas-reliefs and paintings. Here you are faced with a simple, empty interior filled with benches and golden candlesticks. It is said that the deity of the Kazraiths is so incomprehensible that he cannot be represented in visible form and so jealous that he cannot bear the image of any other being. 
While your companions run off to grab the candlesticks, you quietly make your way to the other end of the chamber, where there is a curtain of expensive cloth separating this part from the rest of the temple. As you stand just outside you hear a voice: - O Unspeakable One, why have you forsaken your people? No, you have not forsaken them, forgive me for these words, you never abandon us, you always love us with a perfect, jealous love. You experience us to show us the right path. You chastise us for not following your will, for too often showing sinful mercy to unbelievers and allowing their existence to bruise us. Oh, thank you, Lord, for deigning to afflict us! Thank you that in your mercy you have sent suffering upon us to make us realize the wonderful and joyful truth that without you we are worthless. I beg you, I wretched dust, turn your joyful face toward us now, show mercy, power of war, use us as tools to defeat the unclean. 
You pull back the veil and see a man standing at the altar. He is wearing a gilded robe and a tiara. You recognize the voice and the ratty face. It is Zabulon, the priest you remember from the slaughter of Sharleh! Now he is the Prophet! 
- Go away, you infidel! - shouts the clergyman. - You are not allowed to stay here! Go away, or my merciful Lord will send on you leprosy, scabies, plague, blindness... 
You will die! You will be the last sacrifice offered in this temple (page 34)! 
Be silent! I will show you the mercy you were about to deny me... slave (page 3)!