(This page has not yet been checked by a native speaker)

Page 63
 
You eagerly begin to practice. Aszakar, a former gladiator himself, sees your zeal and teaches you a few tricks. You concentrate on making your swordsmanship both effective and impressive. You master all those twists and flipping the sword from hand to hand – those tricks look so good. You try to strengthen your musculature, but not to turn into a mountain of muscle and lose your flexibility. Finally, you start fighting in the arena. You show your style. You defeat your opponents in a way that attracts the attention of the audience. You try not to kill them, and when they lie knocked down on the sand, you ask the audience if you should spare them. When the fight is over, you bow to the audience and sometimes you even kiss the most beautiful ladies. 
Aszakar is pleased. You have created a new style of gladiatorial combat that has made the people of Baszar curious. People are eager to come to your shows, including women who were previously rare visitors. Spectators applaud your fights, chant your name, and throw flowers into the arena. You are adored more than many free people. 
Twój właściciel odwdzięcza się za to, że ściągasz ludzi do jego amfiteatru. Dostajesz własny pokój, dobre obiady z winem do popicia. Oczywiście, wszystko w miarę, żeby cię nie rozmiękczyć. 
One day the Aszakar comes to your chamber and declares: 
- Narfeli, the beloved daughter of merchant Ogobad has requested that you be a guest at her birthday party. Ogobad is one of the richest men in Bashar, and his daughter is the apple of his eye. He fulfills her every wish. He sprinkled gold for your participation. You will go there, flex your muscles a little, listen to Narfeli and her friends sigh, have some wine and come back. 
Ogobad sends his two personal guards to escort you to the party. Ashakar hands you a wooden sword - so you can demonstrate your skills to the guests, but can't use the weapon to escape. 
I'm going to escape anyway! This is a great opportunity, I'll take the merchant's daughter hostage (page 77) . 
But I'm not going to run away (page 66).