(This page has not yet been checked by a native speaker)

Page 54
 
You spend the next few days training yourself to use your new power. You make wider and wider circles around the island. Eventually, you catch sight of the mainland. In the blink of an eye, you traverse the land, searching for Sharleh's torturers. Finally, your spirit reaches Hier Kazrael. You glide through the streets and arrive at a great temple. But you do not "go inside." Something repels you. You smell great evil there, some terrible force, the embodiment of hubris, something which dreams that everything in the universe lives only to worship it. Fortunately, its actions are confined to the walls of the chram. You see a high priest coming out of the temple.... What do they call him? The Prophet. You recognize the face. The new leader of the Kazraiths is Zabulon, the cleric who insisted that all Szarlehic captives be executed. You push him with power. The priest falls down the stairs and screams in pain; other Kazraites run to his aid. It turns out that he has broken his leg. 
Since then, you've been pestering the townspeople every day. At this distance your power is limited, so it's more about playing tricks. You make people stumble, objects fall out of their hands. Some Kazraitis start to murmur that evil spirits have attacked their city. But the priests deny this. They declare that no evil spirit can enter the city bathed in the glory of the Unspeakable One. According to them, it is the god himself who torments his subjects out of love, so that they do not forget him and humbly beg him to avert calamities. The prophet announces a propitiatory and thanksgiving procession as soon as he can walk. 
Every day you get better and better at controlling your power, even over such a great distance. A plan germinates in your mind. 
Finally, the day of the procession arrives. All the people take to the streets, gradually joining the procession. At the head of the procession walks the Prophet, holding a heavy gold candlestick in his hands to bring the "light of the Unspeakable" to the people. Two younger priests support his hands. They are all humming some kind of song with a sorrowful melody, saying how glad they are to be dust and ashes in the face of a god. Using your power, you grab a stone lying at the edge of the street, unleash it and strike the high priest's head with all your might. The right half of his head turns to pulp, and his golden tiara falls to the street. 
The Kazraitis are in a panic. People begin to flee, priests and soldiers try unsuccessfully to bring order. Many of the townspeople are trampled in the chaos. The stone throwing has exhausted you, so you can only watch. But you do it with satisfaction. 
Over the next few days you look into Hier Kazrael. One of the young priests has begun urging the people to stop worshipping the Unspeakable. "We have had enough of a god who sends calamities upon us and then tells us to give thanks for them!" he declares. The other clerics do not share his revolutionary mood. There is fighting in the city. The unrest spreads to the surrounding settlements and soon civil war breaks out among the Kazraites. Your vengeance is done. 
You liked administering justice from a distance. That's what you've been doing ever since. You look for opportunities to punish the wicked. Sometimes you assist merchants who have been attacked by brigands in battle. You distract an owner so a slave can escape. You make a husband who is abusing his wife fall a brick on his head. It gives you joy and satisfaction. This is probably how you will spend the rest of your life before you become another skeleton on the throne. 
THE END